This app has 3 Main Feature: 
1. Calculator 
2. History 
3. Reference &amp; About
------------------------

1. Calculator 
To calculate value of Link Loss Budget. 
Prepare this value: 
a. GPON Configuration : Choose GPON Configuration to be calculated (1:4:8 or 1:4 or 1:2) 
b. Power Transmitter (in dBm) 
c. Fiber Length (in Kilometer) 
d. Number of Connector (in pairs) 
e. Number of Splicing 
f. Power Splitter Used (automatically set based on your configuration) 

NOTES: all value must be filled up. App cannot proceed to calculate if there is an empty box 

Click "Calculate" Button to see the result 
When you are in the result page, you can: 
- take a picture by clicking "Take a Picture" Button. 
You will be directed to Camera and after you confirm the picture will be displayed in the result page and saved in: 
InternalStorage/Android/Data/ac.id.pnj.broadbandmultimedia.bm2015/files/Pictures 
- Save and Print by clicking "Save and Print" Button 

NOTES: Please choose email provider only. Sharing will be fail if you choose another apps. 

The result will be saved in CSV (Comma Separated Value) File Format and will be send via email. 
For quick view, the result value will be attached in the body of email. 
- In-App Save Result by clicking "Star" Icon 
You can save your result by clicking star button in the top right of screen. 
The input value before this page will be saved in History page (will be explained later). 
Your input value and picture will be the thumbnail of History Page Item 
------------------------ 

2. History 
History is a page of saved result 
This page is empty if you never save a result. 
When you click star icon in the result page, this app only save your input value.  
So when you need the result, please choose your saved item and app will generate your result. 
 
TIPS: you can take a photo before you save the result so you can easily find your project
or you can remember the ID of the result 
 
If you forget to take a picture, you can still take a picture and make it as a thumbnail after data is saved in history page. 
Please click the star icon (star will be empty in the middle) before you take a picture. After the photo saved, you can click the star icon again to save the photo as thumbnail 
You can still share the result from this page. 
------------------------ 

3. Reference & About 
This page contain Reference Link to Google Drive and Instruction to use this app. 
Simply click the button and you'll be directed to document in Google Drive
